gh-102013: Add PyUnstable_GC_VisitObjects (#102014)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/gcsupport.rst

   Returns the current state, 0 for disabled and 1 for enabled.

   .. versionadded:: 3.10

Querying Garbage Collector State
--------------------------------

> The C-API provides the following inerface for querying information about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C-API provides the following interface for querying information about
```

the garbage collector.

.. c:function:: void PyUnstable_GC_VisitObjects(gcvisitobjects_t callback, void *arg)

>    Run supplied callback on all live GC-capable objects.

Reviewer: Format parameters correctly by wrapping them with a pair of \* (as per [devguide recommendations](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#quick-reference))
Also note that *arg* is passed to the callback.
(I made a clumsy suggestion to improve this; feel free to improve my suggestion. Perhaps a new sentence is better.)

```suggestion
   Run *callback*, with *arg* passed, on all live GC-capable objects.
```

   .. warning::
      If new objects are (de)allocated by the callback it is undefined if they
      will be visited.

   .. warning::
      Garbage collection is disabled during operation. Explicitly running a collection
      in the callback may lead to undefined behaviour e.g. visiting the same objects

>       multiple times or not at all.

Reviewer: Would it be ok to merge these two warning boxes, for less visual clutter?

   .. versionadded:: 3.12

.. c:type:: int (*gcvisitobjects_t)(PyObject *object, void *arg)

   Type of the visitor function to be passed to :c:func:`PyUnstable_GC_VisitObjects`.

>    ``arg`` is the same as passed to ``PyUnstable_GC_VisitObjects``. Returning ``0``
>    allows iteration to continue, returning ``1`` stops further iteration. Returning any
>    other value has undefined behavior.

Reviewer: - Fix argument format (pair of \*, not backticks)
- Slightly more succinct wording regarding return values

```suggestion
   *arg* is the same as the *arg* passed to ``PyUnstable_GC_VisitObjects``.
   Return ``0`` to continue iteration, return ``1`` to stop iteration.
   Returning any other value is undefined behavior.
```

Perhaps the last sentence should be a `.. warning::`?
